*Great Jaggi

Great Baggi - Bird Wyvern
Threat Level : ★★★
Carnivorous bird wyverns like the Jaggi.  Noted for their projecting cranial crests and bluish-white skin that's adapted to snow.  Great Baggi craftily command other Baggi to surround their prey and stun them with a tranquilizing fluid.

Barroth - Brute Wyvern
Threat Level : ★★★★
Barroth usually remain beneath the mud, perhaps to shield themselves from heat; they are even known to attack by flinging mud.  They will charge in a frenzy at anything that distrubs their bogs.

*Uragaan

Qurupeco - Bird Wyvern
Threat Level : ★★★
Bird wyverns with unique plumage.  Well known for using their thoracic vocal organs to imitate other monsters' calls, first summoning them, then using the distraction to flee.  Spits a dangerous combustible body fluid.

Rathian - Flying Wyvern
Threat Level : ★★★★
Fire-breathing female wyverns, also known as the "Queen of the Land".  With powerful legs and poison-secreting tails, they hunt mainly on the ground.  Sometimes seen preying as a couple, Rathian cooperate well with Rathalos.

*Rathalos

*Diablos

Gigginox - Flying Wyvern
Threat Level : ★★★★
Wyverns that inhabit the Tundra.  Known to stun prey with poison, then freeze the meat in caves.  Gigginox live in darkness and thus have degraded vision; they detect prey through body heat.  Extremely fertile, laying innumerable eggs.

*Barioth

Royal Ludroth - Leviathan
Threat Level : ★★★
Royal Ludroth use their sponge-like neck scales to absorb water and prevent drying out on land.  Once the sponge loses moisture, they attempt to re-enter the water.  They also spew mucus to trip up their prey.

Gobul - Leviathan
Threat Level : ★★★★
Monsters with strong camouflage skills and powerful neurotoxins.  Poor swimmers, Gobul concel themselves and lure prey by imitating plants with their barbels.  Can reportedly swallow Epioth whole.  They love frogs.

Lagiacrus - Leviathan
Threat Level : ★★★★★
Known as sea wyverns, Lagiacrus are at top of the aquatic food chain.  Feared by sailors as the "Lords of the Seas", they store enough electricity in their spinal organs to make the oceans surge.  Occasionally seen resting on land.

*Agnaktor

Spoiler Warning.
Ceadeus - Elder Dragon
Threat Level : ★★★★★★
Legendary elder dragons known as both "shining giants of the depths" and "great sea dragons."  Not confirmed to exist until recently.  The Moga quakes were due to a Ceadeus Butting its abnormally long horns into the earth.

*Deviljho

*Jhen Mohran

Alatreon - Elder Dragon
Threat Level : ★★★★★★(★)
Blazing black dragons, so named for resembling both lightning and darkness.  They mercilessly tear apart whoever touches their sharp scales.  Elementally unstable, their actions can affect the very weather.  Living natural disasters.
